Clarify empty folder field behaviour for S3 backups (#427)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/reference-guides/backup-restore-configuration/backup-configuration.md

1. **Credential Secret** (optional): If you need to use the AWS Access keys Secret keys to access s3 bucket, create a secret with your credentials with keys and the directives `accessKey` and `secretKey`. It can be in any namespace. An example secret is [here.](#example-credentialsecret) This directive is unnecessary if the nodes running your operator are in EC2 and set up with IAM permissions that allow them to access S3, as described in [this section.](#iam-permissions-for-ec2-nodes-to-access-s3) The Credential Secret dropdown lists the secrets in all namespaces.
1. **Bucket Name**: The name of the S3 bucket where backup files will be stored.
1. **Region** (optional): The AWS [region](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regions_az/) where the S3 bucket is located. This field isn't needed for configuring MinIO.

> 1. **Folder** (optional): The name of the folder in the S3 bucket where backup files will be stored. Nested folders (e.g., `rancher/cluster1`) are not supported. An empty value will store the backup files in the root folder of the S3 bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Folder** (optional): The name of the folder in the S3 bucket where backup files will be stored. Nested folders (e.g., `rancher/cluster1`) are not supported. If this value is left empty, the default behavior is to store the backup files in the root folder of the S3 bucket.
```

| `credentialSecretName` |  If you need to use the AWS Access keys Secret keys to access s3 bucket, create a secret with your credentials with keys and the directives `accessKey` and `secretKey`. It can be in any namespace as long as you provide that namespace in `credentialSecretNamespace`. An example secret is [here.](#example-credentialsecret) This directive is unnecessary if the nodes running your operator are in EC2 and set up with IAM permissions that allow them to access S3, as described in [this section.](#iam-permissions-for-ec2-nodes-to-access-s3)  |  |
| `credentialSecretNamespace` | The namespace of the secret containing the credentials to access S3. This directive is unnecessary if the nodes running your operator are in EC2 and set up with IAM permissions that allow them to access S3, as described in [this section.](#iam-permissions-for-ec2-nodes-to-access-s3) |  |
| `bucketName` | The name of the S3 bucket where backup files will be stored. | ✓ |

> | `folder` | The name of the folder in the S3 bucket where backup files will be stored. Nested folders (e.g., `rancher/cluster1`) are not supported. An empty value will store the backup files in the root folder of the S3 bucket. | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `folder` | The name of the folder in the S3 bucket where backup files will be stored. Nested folders (e.g., `rancher/cluster1`) are not supported. If this field is left empty, the default behavior is to store the backup files in the root folder of the S3 bucket. | |
```
